Insignificant Hipster Trash
09:00
Well half like human form
the idea of it looking that only showed up in fanart by white people recently and idk why
He is sometimes call wall of thorns
Or shadow child
The art doesn't have to be exactly the same
thats not! what it looks like!
Also the anime talked about other Irish and English legendary muths
and also thats not what the guy in the anime is
yeah exactly
not native american
Like Tir na Nog, giant black dog, whispering willows
Banshee
I think
yes those are things
Dragons too
well dragons are everywhere
And the creepy ass boy who cannot die but must live in pain forever in his cursed body.
This is human form
are you talking about the anime now or wendigo
I prefer his shadow form, I didn't find him hot.
the anime
Now
ah ok
and yeah they always look boring as humans
the typical beauty and the beast thing
I never knew he was a Wendigo I thought he was something else. He developer said he was.
I thought he was just a shapesshifter shadow child.
again he isnt
because they dont look like that
What do they exactly look likem
just people but wrong
lol
That sounds wrong
The Wendigo was gaunt to the point of emaciation, its desiccated skin pulled tightly over its bones. With its bones pushing out against its skin, its complexion the ash gray of death, and its eyes pushed back deep into their sockets, the Wendigo looked like a gaunt skeleton recently disinterred from the grave. What lips it had were tattered and bloody [....] Unclean and suffering from suppurations of the flesh, the Wendigo gave off a strange and eerie odor of decay and decomposition, of death and corruption
a very skinny dead looking human
not a deer thing
That's what Elias was depicted in the anime
and not actually a skeleton it just says its skinny "like" a skeleton
wikipedia says hes fae
When he was very young he was depicted like that.
Besides I like a thicc wendigo
stop saying wendigo when you dont mean wendigo!!
thats not what he is!!
this is directed at the people who made it if thats what they said he is
he can just be a deer skeleton thing those are cool we dont have to make them something theyre not
Chillax lol its fine if you think Wendigo don't look like him nobody is forcing you
He is a wendigo to me
its not my opinion
its just what wendigos are according to the myths
you dont get to change people mythology!!
people's*
When it comes to art you can
no
make your own thing
It's what you see
lol
They made their own thing
yeah and you can make your own deer monster thing
They made an anime version of the wendigo
but dont call it a wendigo because thats not what it is
they did not
they made a deer monster thing
I just got a nerve
I must hit a nerve*
I'm off to get my ear checked
I can't wait for season 2
why are you arguing with something that isnt up for debate
anyway yeah go do that
yall i was randomly googleing my name and found my mums family tree that i didnt even know about
i didnt know my great great grandads name was actually pierre i thought my mum just said a random french name ahskljdgh
ok the furthest this goes back as far as i know is some dude called guillaume romatet in the 18th century
Ugh I hate having my ear check each year
Why do I have to .-.
since when am i from saint barthelemy whats going on
ok so fabian moved from france to there at some point before 1858
im lost
ok this says pierre actually moved to spain from saint barthelemy not france
I thought it's only for kids because majority of the patients are toddlers until a bunch of old nuns came in.
oh or not i could be reading this all wrong
it wont let me look at it anymore rip
14:33
what tattoo should i get
should i do the jellyifish
or something else. a quote?
Whatever your heart wants
If you have one.
i dont thats why im asking
A heart with a jelly fish on it
So you're complete
no
so a jellyfish?
with a heart
i have to go ask about prices/sizes so thatll affect my decision maybe i can only afford a small thing
no hearts i dont want one of those
they sound annoyinh
g
You need a heart.
nah
Why you gotta be so heartless -song-
lol
do yall know what shops are good/cheap should i ask iza
oyanne said she got hers at that place in stephens green but idk if i trust them
15:57
its so hot wtf
imcold
that is not possible im melting
i cant breathe
i have a jacket on inside
theres something wrong with your body then
probably i am dying
also i have a headache and im going blind
probably
thats nice
i cant write my essay... that is due tomorrow
i cant do it
do it
you need a brain to write an essay
u have one of those
its not working